what's going on you see this be Hackett
here and probably have friends that are
up me on skype so bear with me there's a
Super Bowl Super Bowl of you like I
didn't plan on doing this collection but
since i came across this eli like i just
did I figured why not I pulled a tuck as
he got sauce so should put you put the
Justin Tuck the Eli Coughlin and the two
wide receivers Hakeem Nicks and Mario
Manningham all in the collection and you
get the five reward cards 1 million
coins and all the cars are all the cars
all the cards are boosted now I'm gonna
start the wide receivers but probably
won't start Chuck or Coughlin and
definitely won't start you I there's the
five reward cards Eli Manning plus to
pass block strength and his part has to
better for a deep and the regular Super
Bowl version i believe that Hakeem Nicks
is good filament collection yeah the
communiqués i believe is yeah its route
running I can't forget what I what stats
he's better in keeney I think they just
bumped up a couple stats on the road
cards but i don't remember all his stats
off the top of my head manningham that's
a pretty awesome goose plus catch and
traffic anything that can make my club
fits better I'll take it I thought he's
good or anything Justin Tigers play
recognition that's an awesome boost but
i'm not going to bench left in door
right in reward bruce smith the reggie
white form it'll be a good backup when i
run my 155 or something like that yeah
kosslyn gives us a new awareness there
even though i swear i looked at that
card again later and it had
produced that definitely said awareness
I saw it well done then all the I me the
day off the peyote I swear I just went
in I just went into like collection oh
that's why I'm gonna be it your Lord
then on the non Super Bowl one gives
plus 12 ball carrier vision whereas the
reward one gives plus two awareness
that's why I'm an easy rod easy so yeah
keep getting in the oh Super Bowl
giveaway have until next Saturday to get
in that all the ways to enter will be
below I'll even do this lineup update
and show you guys the new lineup that
manningham with the catch in traffic
pretty awesome club 100 fit still my
favorite wide receiver in the game and
then you guys have seen all the rest i
believe i've switched out tomlin sent a
couple couple times and he's found his
way back to the starting spot he's just
like so good all around good my screen
passes good running up the middle and
out Juke people was just a great
all-around back look at Megatron reward
and the four spot and boosted rice in
the fit spots mega traffic i'll put yeah
i think is the first time I've ever went
through my depth chart on YouTube but I
like having McKinney's as backups on all
the the lineman he's a good all-around
lineman and on the d-line here i'm going
to throw Justin Smith out there and
Chuck will be in there the backup Justin
Smith is the pro bowl and then the worst
one is that playoff reward one and
roethlisberger you're an idiot it
happens
I love you Jen I not sure exactly what
collections are going to do next they
said they're going to focus on the
trenches first so I'm assuming that's
gonna be like a defensive tackle or
something of that nature maybe a right
or left tackle but we shall see oh no no
no yes yes yes yes yes good I hope you
guys have been enjoying videos let me
know if there's anything you'd like to
see and good luck to everybody in my
giveaway like I said that ends this
saturday at midnight and the ways to
enter our will be listed in the
description and you can also comment on
the actual giveaway video itself so good
luck to everybody in that and I will see
you guys next time yeah our tree and
i'll also let you know how I like these
receivers so Bruce Smith at defensive
tackle right away awesome